it is completely outrageous and
unacceptable that she and her fellow Aid
workers were killed by an Israeli IDF um
mission in what was known to be a safe
zone or for Aid convoys you know you
can't spin your way out of this she is
the
196th Aid worker killed in this conflict
it is not an isolated incident um
whatever the investigations show the
only
solution to this horrible conflict
ultimately is a political solution for
two states but an immediate humanitarian
ceasefire leading to a sustainable
ceasefire it's only Israel that can
decide whether they let enough food
trucks in to feed people who are at risk
of imminent starvation you know this is
not the decent country that we all want
to support this behavior of of using
food as a weapon of War as they say is
unacceptable